Oh my God.
Now you're awake.
How do you feel?
Had a bad dream.
Alice.
Her mom and dad.
You've been in a coma for a few months.
But it's okay.
You just need to rest now.
We'll talk about everything later.
Get them over them with two beds.
They'll need to talk.
My expense.
Right away, Mr. Winkler.
Thank you for your generosity, Mr. Winkler.
Mr. Winkler.
You should go.
I'll ask you again.
The baby.
No matter how many times you ask,
the answer's still the same.
It's Harrison's.
All right.
Then I have another job for you.
Done.
Emma's awake.
I'm not doing this anymore.
Are you sure?
You really think Harrison's going to take care of you your entire life?
He's an angel.
I trust him.
And what if you're wrong about that?
Bye.
Mr. Winkler.